applications_serial_lte_modem: Add AT#XAPOLL (#22671)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/serial_lte_modem/doc/SOCKET_AT_commands.rst

* The ``<error>`` value is an error code when the poll fails.

> * The ``<handle>`` value is an integer. It is the handle of a socket that have events returned, so-called ``revents``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``<handle>`` value is an integer.
  It is the handle of a socket that have events returned, so-called ``revents``.
```

* The ``<handleN>`` value sets the socket handle to poll.
  Handles are sent in the ``AT#XSOCKET`` response. Handles can also be obtained with ``AT#XSOCKET?`` or ``AT#XSOCKETSELECT?`` commands.
  If no handles values are specified, all open sockets will be polled.

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When the asynchronous socket events are enabled, SLM sends events as URC notifications.

* For ``POLLIN`` events, the URC notification is sent only for the first incoming data on the socket.
  ``AT#XRECV`` or ``AT#XRECVFROM`` command will re-enable the URC notification for the next incoming data.

* For ``POLLOUT`` events, the URC notification is sent only for the first time when the socket is ready for writing.
  ``AT#XSEND`` or ``AT#XSENDTO`` command will re-enable the URC notification for the next time when the socket is ready for writing.

* For ``POLLERR``, ``POLLHUP`` and ``POLLNVAL`` events, the URC notification is sent only once for each socket.
  No further URC notifications will be sent for the same socket.

::

   #XAPOLL: <handle>,<revents>

* The ``<handle>`` value is an integer. It is the handle of the socket that has events.
* The ``<revents>`` value is a hexadecimal.

>   It represents the returned events, which is a combination of ``POLLIN`` (0x01), ``POLLOUT`` (0x04), ``POLLERR`` (0x08), ``POLLHUP`` (0x10) and ``POLLNVAL`` (0x20).

Author: Should we return int instead? Hexadecimal values work nicely when the reader is human, but this might put unnecessary pressure for the AT command parsing when read by host device.

Author: @trantanen

Reviewer 2: We should be consistent in how we set and return bit fields. I have another one in another PR. I think the options are:

1. Integer and some way of documenting that the value is sum of possible values listed separately. I don't think this is done too nicely for #XRECV flags. Actually it's wrong there because the doc says you can put just one of the values but you could just put combination too.
2. Hexadecimal with `0x`, .e.g, `0x40`. This is more problematic for parsers but convenient for human reader.
3. Hexadecimal without `0x`, .e.g, `40`. This is easier for parsers but confusing for human reader.

Let's discuss more offline.

The test command is not supported.

Asynchronous socket polling #XAPOLL
===================================

The ``#XAPOLL`` command allows you to receive URC notifications for events on all opened sockets or for selected sockets that have already been opened.

.. note::

    The ``#XAPOLL`` command is not usable with the socket AT commands that use poll internally (``#XPOLL`` and ``#XACCEPT``).

Set command
-----------

The set command allows you to activate or deactivate asynchronous polling for sockets.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   #XAPOLL=<op>,<events>[,<handle1>[,<handle2> ...<handle8>]

* The ``<op>`` value can accept one of the following values:

  * ``0`` stop asynchronous polling.
  * ``1`` start asynchronous polling.

> 

Reviewer 2: I might have missed it but I think we should mention somewhere what happens if you run `#XAPOLL=1` for the second time without having stopped it before. The new request basically overwrites the previous request completely rather than combining their socket handles.

Author: Yeah, this was overlooked by me. This needs an explanation in here.

* The ``<events>`` value is an integer.
  It represents the events to poll for, which can be a combination of ``POLLIN`` and ``POLLOUT``.
  Permanent error and closure events (``POLLERR``, ``POLLHUP``, and ``POLLNVAL``) are polled by default.
  The value can be set to one of the following:

  * ``0`` Poll only the default events.
  * ``1`` Read events (``POLLIN``) are polled, in addition to the default events.
  * ``4`` Write events (``POLLOUT``) are polled, in addition to the default events.
  * ``5`` Read and write events are polled, in addition to the default events.

* The ``<handleN>`` value sets the socket handle to poll.
  Handles are sent in the ``AT#XSOCKET`` response.
  Handles can also be obtained with ``AT#XSOCKET?`` or ``AT#XSOCKETSELECT?`` commands.

>   If no handles values are specified, all open sockets will be polled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If no handles values are specified, all open sockets will be polled, including any new sockets that are created after `#XAPOLL=1` had been run.
```

The test command is not supported.

Asynchronous socket polling #XAPOLL
===================================

The ``#XAPOLL`` command allows you to receive Unsolicited Result Code (URC) notifications for events on all opened sockets or for selected sockets that have already been opened.

.. note::

>     The ``#XAPOLL`` command is not usable with the socket AT commands that use poll internally (``#XPOLL`` and ``#XACCEPT``).

Reviewer 3: t -> at

Set command
-----------

The set command allows you to activate or deactivate asynchronous polling for sockets.

Activating asynchronous polling when it is already running, will stop the current polling and start a new one with the new parameters.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   #XAPOLL=<op>,<events>[,<handle1>[,<handle2> ...<handle8>]

* The ``<op>`` value can accept one of the following values:

  * ``0`` - Stop asynchronous polling.
  * ``1`` - Start asynchronous polling.

* The ``<events>`` value is an integer, which is interpreted as a bit field.
  It represents the events to poll for, which can be a combination of ``POLLIN`` and ``POLLOUT``.

>   Permanent error and closure events (``POLLERR``, ``POLLHUP``, and ``POLLNVAL``) are polled by default.

Author: are always polled.

>   The value can be any combination of the following values:

Reviewer 3: Maybe something like "The value can be any combination of the following values summed up:"

  Handles are sent in the ``AT#XSOCKET`` response.
  Handles can also be obtained with ``AT#XSOCKET?`` or ``AT#XSOCKETSELECT?`` commands.
  If no handles are specified, all open sockets will be polled, including any new sockets that are created after ``#XAPOLL`` has been started.

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When the asynchronous socket events are enabled, SLM sends events as URC notifications.

* For ``POLLIN`` events, the URC notification is sent only for the first incoming data on the socket.
  ``AT#XRECV`` or ``AT#XRECVFROM`` command will re-enable the URC notification for the next incoming data.

* For ``POLLOUT`` events, the URC notification is sent only for the first time when the socket is ready for writing.
  ``AT#XSEND`` or ``AT#XSENDTO`` command will re-enable the URC notification for the next time when the socket is ready for writing.

* For ``POLLERR``, ``POLLHUP``, and ``POLLNVAL`` events, the URC notification is sent only once for each socket.
  No further URC notifications will be sent for the same socket.

::

   #XAPOLL: <handle>,<revents>

* The ``<handle>`` value is an integer.
  It is the handle of the socket that has events.

> * The ``<revents>`` value is an integer, which should be interpreted as a bit field.

Reviewer 2: I first typed "must be" but changed it. I think it's better.

>   It represents the returned events, which is a combination of ``POLLIN`` (1), ``POLLOUT`` (4), ``POLLERR`` (8), ``POLLHUP`` (16), and ``POLLNVAL`` (32).

Author: by adding them together -> summed up

  Hexadecimal representation is avoided to support AT command parsers that do not support hexadecimal values.

Example
~~~~~~~

::

   AT#XAPOLL=1,5

   OK

   AT#XSOCKET=1,1,0

   #XSOCKET: 1,1,6

   OK

   AT#XCONNECT="test.server.com",1234

   #XCONNECT: 1

   OK

   #XAPOLL: 0,4

   AT#XSEND="echo"

   #XSEND: 4

   OK

   #XAPOLL: 1,4

>    #XAPOLL: 1,1

Reviewer 2: This is fine

  ``AT#XSEND`` or ``AT#XSENDTO`` command will re-enable the URC notification for the next time when the socket is ready for writing.

* For ``POLLERR``, ``POLLHUP``, and ``POLLNVAL`` events, the URC notification is sent only once for each socket.
  No further URC notifications will be sent for the same socket.

::

   #XAPOLL: <handle>,<revents>

* The ``<handle>`` value is an integer.
  It is the handle of the socket that has events.
* The ``<revents>`` value is an integer, which must be interpreted as a bit field.
  It represents the returned events as a combination of ``POLLIN`` (1), ``POLLOUT`` (4), ``POLLERR`` (8), ``POLLHUP`` (16), and ``POLLNVAL`` (32) summed up.
  Hexadecimal representation is avoided to support AT command parsers that do not support hexadecimal values.

Example
~~~~~~~

::

   AT#XAPOLL=1,5

   OK

   AT#XSOCKET=1,1,0

   #XSOCKET: 1,1,6

   OK

   AT#XCONNECT="test.server.com",1234

   #XCONNECT: 1

   OK

   #XAPOLL: 1,4

   // Send data to the test server, which will echo it back.
   AT#XSEND="echo"

   #XSEND: 4

   OK

   #XAPOLL: 1,4

   // Test server sends the data back and closes the connection. POLLIN and POLLHUP events are received.

>    #XAPOLL: 1,11

Reviewer 2: POLLIN+POLLHUP=1+16=17, right?

Author: Right you are. Got played by having mostly seen the values as hexadecimals.

The test command is not supported.

Asynchronous socket polling #XAPOLL
===================================

The ``#XAPOLL`` command allows you to receive URC notifications for events on all opened sockets or for selected sockets that have already been opened.

Set command
-----------

The set command allows you to activate or deactivate asynchronous polling for sockets.

Syntax
~~~~~~

::

   #XAPOLL=<op>,<events>[,<handle1>[,<handle2> ...<handle8>]

* The ``<op>`` value can accept one of the following values:
  ``0`` stop asynchronous polling.
  ``1`` start asynchronous polling.

> * The ``<events>`` value is an integer.
>   It represents the events to poll for, which can be a combination of ``ZSOCK_POLLIN`` and ``ZSOCK_POLLOUT``.
>   Permanent error and closure events (``ZSOCK_POLLERR``, ``ZSOCK_POLLHUP`` and ``ZSOCK_POLLNVAL``) are polled by default.
>   The value can be set to one of the following:
>   ``0`` Poll only the default events.
>   ``1`` Read events (``ZSOCK_POLLIN``) are polled, in addition to the default events.
>   ``4`` Write events (``ZSOCK_POLLOUT``) are polled, in addition to the default events.
>   ``5`` Read and write events are polled, in addition to the default events.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The ``<events>`` value is an integer.
  It represents the events to poll for, which can be a combination of ``POLLIN`` and ``POLLOUT``.
  Permanent error and closure events (``POLLERR``, ``POLLHUP`` and ``POLLNVAL``) are polled by default.
  The value can be set to one of the following:
  ``0`` Poll only the default events.
  ``1`` Read events (``POLLIN``) are polled, in addition to the default events.
  ``4`` Write events (``POLLOUT``) are polled, in addition to the default events.
  ``5`` Read and write events are polled, in addition to the default events.
```

Don't use the `ZSOCK_` prefix.
I don't think it adds any value here.
Some users don't care that it is Zephyr based product.

* The ``<handleN>`` value sets the socket handle to poll.
  Handles are sent in the ``AT#XSOCKET`` response. Handles can also be obtained with ``AT#XSOCKET?`` or ``AT#XSOCKETSELECT?`` commands.
  If no handles values are specified, all open sockets will be polled.

Response syntax
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When the asynchronous socket pollign in enabled, SLM sends polling events as URC notifications.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When the asynchronous socket events are enabled, SLM sends events as URC notifications.
```
